school of Life .
Igor the snake
what dishes to choose for the kitchen safely
conveniently tasty in the field of pans
pans gooseneck fashion usually dictate
manufacturers
they develop certain
kitchen cautions
utensils from one or another material
aluminum dishes in due time
enjoyed great popularity and
Today in every kitchen there is at least
one piece of light silver
metal many firms abandoned
production of aluminum cookware
unprotected with special coating
using aluminum utensils doctors
sometimes associated with kidney liver disease
headaches whatever it was impossible
cook in such dishes anything
baby or medical nutrition
experts recommend cooking for
kids in enamelled utensils
there may be iron or another under it
called black metal cast iron is difficult
cook in an enamel pot
milk soups or porridge and even boil
milk without food burning
even non-stick cookware
in which it would seem possible to fry without
oils or fat are not as reliable as
assured advertising is not cheap utensils
needs careful and caring
care but better not to get involved in the kitchen
utensils using fluoride containing
material and its comparatively
small reliability and durability
perhaps worth paying attention to
stainless steel rarities and
heat-resistant glass
traditionally considered to be real
cast iron pan can use it
not one generation really serves
products made of this metal for quite some time
but its minus is that it easily gives in
corrosion
and yet everything in which we cook fry soar
with proper use
will last long and will be safe and for
adults and for children besides having on
its kitchen a sufficient amount of itself
different dishes you can with pleasure
cook delicious food for family and guests
thanks for watching the videos of the school of life
if you liked this video
please click like and share
with your friends on social networks
perhaps they, too, enjoy this video and
We also invite you to subscribe to
new channel videos school life dot ru